From: Razvan Diaconescu <diacon@jaist.ac.jp>
Date: Thu, 4 Jun 98 17:16:57 JST
Message-Id: <9806040816.AA06595@is27e0s07.jaist.ac.jp>
To: sawada@sra.co.jp
Subject:  beh context condition 
Cc: kokichi@jaist.ac.jp, s_iida@jaist.ac.jp
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 1893

Dear Toshimi,

I tried the new patches about the beh coherent context condition just
now. I tried them on the ubuffer library. Unfortunately, the system
computes really very badly. Most of the results of the proof score are
wrong. This bad situation happend under the situation when I kept all
coherence declarations on. There is no point to try with them off now,
since it is very bad with them on anyway.

It seems to me that now maybe even the coherent operations are treated
as "bad" operations in the axioms.

I would like to repeat again the specification of this problem:

1. There should be no restriction anymore on the contents of the
axioms with respect to what kind of operations are used. All beq
should be allowed to take part in reduction at any time provided the
behavioural coherent context condition is satisfied. 

2. The behavioural coherent context condition should be checked
exactly as it is specified in the CafeOBJ Report.

In my opinion, we should have a straight, full, and rigid check of
this condition without any regard of the speed of the interpreter. I
think the correctness of the execution comes first. In my opinion, any
kind of optimization should be made only when we are ABSOLUTELY sure
that the check is fully respected.

If you think this request is too strong, then I have another
proposal. You may implement a switch under which (when "on") there
will be a straight, full, and rigid check of behavioural coherent
context condition. Even the system will be slow like a snail, I will
personally use this since that will be for me the only solution to
have confidence I get correct results. In this case I regard any speed
improvement as a present rather than a must. The other people who
prefer to sacrifice the correctness for the speed can use this swithch
with off. With such solution I think everybody should be happy.

With best wishes,
Razvan




