From: Razvan Diaconescu <diacon@jaist.ac.jp>
Date: Sun, 19 Jul 98 22:01:59 JST
Message-Id: <9807191301.AA13582@is27e0s07.jaist.ac.jp>
To: goguen@cs.ucsd.edu
Subject:  Re: installing cafeobj
Cc: amori@cs.ucsd.edu, kokichi@jaist.ac.jp, s_iida@jaist.ac.jp,
        sawada@sra.co.jp
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 3562

Dear Joseph,


 |Im amazed that you want to just write off Sun and HP.  Do you live in the same
 |world as the rest of us?  Most computers are *networked*, and this is very

Actually maybe not, I think there are big differences from places to
places. I dont think it is very useful to judge the computing
environments uniformly. From what I see world is changing fast and my
perception is that you say these things based on not so good
experience with the Linux world. 

 |important for the way that most users actually work; for example, sharing
 |files with NFS, sharing printers, sharing dialin modems, sharing backup
 |facilities, sharing disks, mailservers, webservers, xterms, ...; also security
 |patches and software updates are installed just once for all sytems; etc. etc.
 |etc.  Certainly nearly all academic and business installations run this way.
 |Linux does not yet provide the kind of support for these things that system
 |administrators want to have.

I am sorry, I think there might be some information gap. I just
talked recently to some system admin about these issues and they told
me exactly the opposite story, that in fact Linux provides *better*
support for all these things. I know and I am using personally
networks, webservers, mailservers, dialin modems, etc. entirely based
on Linux, and there is no doubt they are working better then their
Solaris or OSF/1 counterparts. At IMAR we have several networks based
on these 3 OS, the Linux one functions by far the best (the OSF/1 is
the worst) and things are being moved slowly from the other networks
to the Linux one.  

Just a small example, I heard recently about serious security holes in
implementing TCP/IP protocol on some propietary UNIX operating
systems. While one waits forever for these to be solved, in the Linux
world some of these were solved within 24 hours from the original
reporting!

There is a very important point to make. I think proprietary UNIX
operating systems belong to the past since they are developed in a
closed manner by comparison to Linux whose development is open and
actually takes wonderful advantage of InterNet. Statistics show
dramatic steady increase of Linux within the UNIX world, while
actually the UNIX is shrinking in favour of various Windows. 

I suggest you pay some attention to the Linux hp, they have a list of
companies, universities, and even governments using Linux for their
networks. This is just the tip of the iceberg.

 |projects just dont care about cost.  HP gives a lot of their machines away to

That's of course a good thing in favour of HP.

 |and of course I have several machines that run Linux.  But on the other hand,
 |Windows has an incredably array of software that Linux will never catch up
 |with, e.g., all the stuff in Office (spreadsheet, database, slide presentation
 |and much more, all fully integrated).

This is actually another reason in favour of Linux with respect to
other UNIX operating systems. Linux co-exists much better with Windows
on the same machine, it can even emulates much of Windows
applications, and there is talk about more intimate communication
between these two. I dont know that Solaris, for example, would be
ever able to achieve this. 

 |If CafeOBJ cant be brought up easily for these machines, it is not going to be
 |popular in US universities.

That's of course an important issue, and I think all of us want
CafeOBJ to be easily ported on as many platforms as possible. CafeOBJ
will be ported even to Win95 and Mac, there is already work about
this.

Cheers,
Razvan

