From: Razvan Diaconescu <diacon@jaist.ac.jp>
Date: Tue, 2 Jun 98 15:24:58 JST
Message-Id: <9806020624.AA05838@is27e0s07.jaist.ac.jp>
To: sawada@sras75.sra.co.jp
Subject:  Re: thanks
Cc: sawada@sra.co.jp
Content-Type: text
Content-Length: 2144

 |This is not changed yet. Let me ask you a simple question.
 |Why we allow users to declare beh axioms containing non beh operators
 |and allow it to be used as rewrite rule. Former interpreter prevent
 |it from using it as a rewrite rules. Of course, explicit apply can 
 |specify such 'bad rule.

The explanation of this lies in some recent understandings of the
semantics of beh specification. Recently I became aware how to
slightly extend the semantics of beh specification in order to
accomodate such sentences containing non-beh and non-coherent
operations. Since now this is possible (though the I believe the
current situation is the same in the CafeOBJ Report too) in a safe way
(I mean there are no semantical problems anymore), I think it is good
idea to have this relaxation. The motivation lies in numerous natural
examples requiring such relaxation. Of course, until I was sure that
semantically everything is OK I wanted to prohibit this, but now it is
not the case. Just to give you an idea, a typical application is when
there are some coherent operations which can be proved from the rest
of the specification. This is a very basic use of coherence. But in
this case one needs to do the proof of coherence in the absence of
such declaration (and add it later after the proof was done). Such
proofs of coherence require to have the corresponding operations as
"bad" guys, and they might of course occur in sentence s too. This is
exactly the case of the buffer example, but such examples arise very
naturally. 

 |As I replied the current system give warning for such axioms, and
 |behave all of the beh axioms sare valid. 

In my opinion, the efficiency of rewriting is not so important here,
the correctness of results is much more important. The cases when we
have beq in specification are not very often and those specification
are rather delicate, so I would personally not mind if they run a bit
slow because of a correct beh coherent context condition check.

Best regards,
Razvan

PS. I am struggling to write a paper on all these and finish it this
week. I will send it to you as soon as I finish it (in few days).
